Document VTTRegion instance properties (#44494)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/vttregion/width/index.md

---
title: "VTTRegion: width property"
short-title: width
slug: Web/API/VTTRegion/width
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.VTTRegion.width
---

{{APIRef("WebVTT")}}

> The **`width`** property of the {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} interface represents the width of the region, as a percentage of the video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`width`** property of the {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} interface represents the width of the region, as a percentage of the video's width.
```

## Value

> A number, in the range `0` to `100`, giving the width of the region as a percentage of the video. The default is `100`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number in the range `0` to `100` inclusive, representing the width of the region as a percentage of the video's width. The default is `100`.
```

## Examples

> In the following example a new {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} is created, then the value of `width` is set to `50`. The value is then printed to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, a new {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} is created, then the value of `width` is set to `50`. The value is then printed to the console.
```

```js
const region = new VTTRegion();

> region.width = 50; // Use 50% of the video width

Reviewer: ```suggestion
region.width = 50; // Set the region to 50% of the video's width
```
